hi everybody
i want to read to you a piece i wrote
recently
called
butchers and liars reprise
not much more than a week ago
i wrote
a rather incendiary piece for the
telegraph about the mutilation of young
people in the name of so-called
trans rights
i also read it on my youtube channel
and broadcast it or soon will on my
podcast the telegraph entitled it
we are sacrificing our children on the
altar of a brutal far-left ideology
which wasn't too bad focusing as it did
on the analogy i developed between our
current practices and the literal
sacrifice of children to false gods i
was somewhat more direct online calling
the piece doctors and psychotherapists
butchers and liars which was about as
blunt let's say
as it was possible
to be
i was very nervous when writing
and even more
when reading this piece
i was after all calling out the casual
pathetic
and cringing compliance of the
psychotherapeutic community
and suggesting again
somewhat bluntly that the sadistic and
greedy surgeons masked by an appalling
moral self-righteousness
should be jailed
for practicing their fiendish and
ghoulish craft
on children
i have had my fair share of conflict
publicly
as a consequence of opposing
the increasingly insistent encroachments
of the radical compassionate left
but i thought i might have finally
signed my death warrant culturally
speaking with the butchers and liars
peace
but no
almost all the comments on the youtube
posting which has been watched by 1.4
million people and responded to by 15
were positive
i removed some of the more purely
asinine and juvenile criticisms mostly
of the urine anti-semitic nazi fascist
so you and the horse you wrote in on
variety
and the youtube comments algorithm
removed some with similar intent all
things considered however
positive
the same thing happened on the telegraph
website where some 1200 comments have
been posted
this came as a genuine shock not only to
me but to the editor i had been working
with most closely at the telegraph who
emailed me two messages
quote i've had multiple conversations
with fairly die-hard liberals over the
past few weeks that this issue is
leading them to flip-flop on the trans
debate
they are usually ending up going too far
in response to the trans kids situation
and end up aligning with the right-wing
fundamentalist christians on trans as a
whole
this is what it looks like when we say
that the left will end up eating itself
end quote
new quote it was remarkable the near
universal support this piece received
and how high its readership figures were
and continue to be we expected more of a
backlash from the usual suspects
it just underlines how the views of a
tiny minority have infected the
mainstream
as always
evil flourishes when good men stand
aside
it's all part of the same authoritarian
mindset
and too many people being happy to let
others make decisions for them a symptom
of a general absence of critical
thinking or feeling of powerlessness in
western populations at large i fear
perhaps there's a follow-up piece to be
written commenting on this before we
publish the next one remarking on how
well received your essay was and
offering some solutions as to how to
defeat the liars and butchers i'm often
struck by the yearning among readers for
writers to offer solutions as well as
insight
end quote
why are we butchering children
if no one thinks it's a good idea
and i would ask those reading and
watching listening to think very hard
about that question and consider the
mere fact that it has to be asked at all
why are we butchering children if no one
thinks it's a good idea
well there's a financial moral hazard at
hand
each so-called trans kid is a veritable
lifetime gold mine for the
pharmaceutical industry all those
hormones and then all the drugs
necessary to deal with the oft
catastrophic physical and psychological
consequences of the surgery
then there's an issue i believe of the
genuine sadism
combined in some cases with personality
disorder of a very pathological sort
they're always going to be a small
percentage of medical personnel
including surgeons who have a dark triad
personality narcissism machiavellianism
and psychopathy just like there are in
every other profession
but nurses psychiatrists and most of all
surgeons with those characteristics are
in a prime position first to hurt others
to gratify their own hellish impulses
and second to do plenty of damage merely
by being narcissistic
then
there's the issue of the mob
for at least a decade now anyone who
spoke out against any manifestation of
this modern hyper-compassionate
constellation we know as woke idiocy was
very likely to be vilified ostracized
and shamed to be threatened seriously on
the employment front to be tarred and
feathered and transported out of town on
a rail
i have conversed in detail and length
with at least 100 people to whom this
has happened
and it's no joke i would consider it
roughly equivalent to being cursed with
a serious illness it hurts people a lot
as well as constituting a genuine threat
to employment and personal safety this
is particularly true of conscientious
reliable dutiful hard-working people who
are also prone to guilt and who can be
manipulated by the dark triad types
because of their moral nature
and social media rewards this nothing
goes viral like an accusation nothing
can make a nobody somebody like the
accurate delivery of a poisoned dart
and if you add a bit of cowardice to the
mix and the willingness even on the part
of so-called mental health professionals
to take the easy short-term pathway
forward you have the makings of a
sociological disaster
the issue of the mob and its
amplification by social media is further
complicated by the disproportionate
potential impact thereby generated of a
tiny minority
i asked recently the journalist andy noe
a very brave person asian and gay for
those of you who care soft-spoken and
gentle but with a spine of steel and a
good thing too because mr no has been
beat half to death three times by the
compassionate radicals how many active
cells might be operating in the u.s and
how many full-time employees so to speak
might make up the committed core
personnel of those cells
he estimated 40 and 20. 40 times 20 is
800. 800 people in a population of 320
million
that's one in four hundred thousand
that's practically zero
but that's what the moderate democrat
types skeptical of the very existence of
antifa note essentially when expressing
their doubts about the dangers of the
radical fringe
that's the wrong conclusion what's the
proper moral of the story
a very tiny minority
left unchecked can exert a
disproportionate and deadly influence on
an entire society
it was hardly any communists after all
who overthrew the tsarist regime in
russia and instituted the many decades
of vicious horror that characterized the
soviet world all societies struggle with
the problem of free riders narcissists
machiavellians and criminals all
societies struggle to control those who
build false inflated reputations who are
willing to sacrifice others to their own
selfish and narrow short-term interests
who will rob and steal to attain
and worst of all who will burn
everything to the ground just to gain
the opportunity to dance demonically in
the resultant ashes
then there's some genuine confusion sex
and gender are different if you regard
gender and appallingly ill-defined term
people do differ widely in their
temperament and there is a rather large
percentage of women who have a masculine
temperament and vice versa
and also a large number of intrinsically
creative people who have more mutable
identities
this cross-sex temperamental proclivity
has long been noted there are and have
always been tomboys and more feminine
girls
my personality has many feminine
features i am agreeable compassionate
slash polite and have rather high levels
of negative emotion leading me for
example to cry too easily
this did not at all mean
that i was born in the wrong body
whatever that means or that i was really
a woman
there's also confusion about the meaning
of the term identity
someone's identity is a very complex
phenomenon
some of that identity is by necessity
socially negotiated
in a very basic sense identity is the
pattern of perception
assumption and action
and individual manifests
while interacting with others
that is not all of what makes up
identity but it's not a bad start
identity is certainly not merely what
someone feels from moment to moment
first of all that's a very bad
measurement
and psychologists in particular who have
fallen pathetically prey to the woke mob
enforced propaganda once knew this
second what does feel
mean
exactly and by exactly i mean precisely
validly reliably scientifically
third it is clear as the developmental
psychologist jean piaget took great
pains to establish that identity is and
must be negotiated with others and that
means
know
what you feel moment to moment
is not your identity and can't be if you
want to get along with others and
shouldn't be if you want to live without
undue conflict and misery
there are other reasons for our
cowardice and mendacity and silence but
that's not a bad start
what should be done
here is a concrete proposal
are you listening classic liberals are
you listening
small c conservatives
how about legislation
absolutely ensuring the right of
transitioned minors
to sue their counselors and physicians
when they attain legal adulthood
and even more firmly
how about making the medical conversion
of boys into girls and girls into boys
illegal
we don't allow minors to get tattoos
they can't drink or drive or both
they can't vote
and plenty of them
are confused enough and hurt enough and
starve for attention enough
to drift into the hands of the
villainous woke propagandists
to allow the butchers to cut off their
breasts and their balls
we have already passed legislation in
much of the western world outlawing
so-called conversion therapy which was a
pseudo problem to begin with because it
was virtually never happening except
among more explicitly fundamentalist
counselors who were sporadically
attempting to remediate is there a more
politically correct word homosexuality i
don't know if anyone noticed
but the most severe form of conversion
therapy
is precisely the double mastectomies
removal of ovaries uteri and testes and
hormonal transformation of hapless
children so now a counselor or physician
or social worker risks his or her
license reputation and livelihood if she
or he dares talk to a minor about
identity but a butcher masquerading as a
benevolent surgeon can castrate with
impunity and be celebrated as a moral
paragon
how about we stop doing this
it's wrong
do i really have to say this
it's not just wrong it's auschwitz and
gulag level wrong
it's nazi medical experiment level wrong
it's unit 731 level wrong and i'll put a
trigger warning on that
look up unit 731 at your extreme peril
and i'm dead serious about that
i might also touch on something else in
closing before offering my practical
solutions i've been asking for years and
it's a genuine question and difficult to
answer with sufficient precision i've
often posed the question to moderate
leftists even to true liberals when does
the left go too far
the right goes too far when it becomes
ethnocentric nationalist or racist that
was established i would say by william f
buckley in the late 60s and that is
stuck
i personally believe that the left goes
too far when it advocates for equity or
even uses the term which is the damnable
and impossible to attain an accusatory
attempt to establish equality of outcome
but that seems to be too subtle a point
for people particularly on the left to
grasp i say this without undue rancor it
certainly doesn't have the emotional
weight say of objecting to lynching
the moderate democrats with whom i have
discussed this at length inevitably
reject my suggestion they the radicals
just mean equality of opportunity no
they don't
that's why folks they use a different
word
but even if some radicals do mean only
that
the system of ideas that animates them
knows better
the spirit that animates the system
works to implement the forceful
demolition of all differences of rank
competence ability and wealth
and
we've seen where that leads haven't we
or is 100 million corpses not enough
i was recently in albania go to albania
you despicable neo-communist moralizers
and see if you dare to continue your
propagandizing and self-aggrandizement
here then is something a bit more solid
than when they promote equity as an
answer to the question when does the
left go too far
when it insists that the surgical
mutilation of children has become a
moral necessity when it insists that
believing that is a sign of moral virtue
when it insists that opposing such
action
is unethical
or downright criminal
anyone care to dispute any of that
practical solutions
psychologists
stop cowering in the woodwork
announce that you will abide by the
dictates of valid and reliable
measurement that your profession so
rightly insists upon still on the
statutes governing your behavior as
clinicians and researchers
drop your idiot and hypocritical
adherence to this idiot and pathological
notion of feeling
physicians
adhere to the hippocratic oath
stop your colleagues from butchering
children and lobby for legal
responsibility to be returned to or
imposed upon those who dare continue
political leaders take the legislative
steps necessary to ban the surgical
conversion of children
and restore to the clinical and
counseling professions
the right to ask questions about
identity
it's on you folks
particularly you in those three groups
psychologists physicians politicians
every
castrated child
every young woman made artificially
barren every budding beauty
so ashamed of her breasts
that she lets a machiavellian psychopath
cut them off
have some courage
and some fortitude man the barricades
and keep the degenerates away from the
children